- [Instructor] In this lesson, we'll use Google Apigee
an API Management Platform, like Google Apigee,
can help centralize management of common API functions,
such as security, throttling, monetization,
monitoring and air handling.
For those of you following along,
Apigee provides a free developer account
that you must register for before beginning
this section of the course.
All you need to do is click on the Free Trial button
in the upper right-hand corner on the Apigee Home Page.
I have an account, so I'm going to go ahead and sign in.
The first thing that we'll want to do
You'll notice it's referencing an OpenAPI specification.
Once we click on that option,
we're going to add the spec by clicking on this blue button
in the upper right-hand corner.
Now, you'll notice we have three options.
We can create a New Spec, we can Import a spec
from a URL, or we can Import a file.
We're going to use the Import URL option.
And you'll remember that our API definitions
are sitting in SwaggerHub,
And then let's put it in a new tab.
And then we're going to suffix this URL with swagger.yaml.
Just go ahead and hit Enter.
So, copy this URL.
we get a new specification within Apigee.
We can click on it.
And when we open it, you'll notice it opens in Swagger.
So, within Apigee they're using Swagger to modify
OAS API definitions.
Now, we don't need to make any modifications,
except we want to copy the URL
for our production implementation.
We're going to need that in a second.
So, just go ahead and copy the URL to Azure
for our API implementation and then hit Cancel.
The next thing we're going to do is setup a proxy
to our API implementation running on Azure.
So, over in the left-hand sidebar, click on API Proxies.
This is simply going to pass traffic
from Apigee back to our API implementation running on Azure.
So, to create the new proxy,
just click on the blue boxy button,
and then we're presented with the list
of different proxy types that Apigee provides.
In our case, we just want a reverse proxy.
We want Apigee to pass the traffic back to Azure.
So, leave that option selected,
and then click on Next.
Next, we need to provide a proxy name.
So, let's name this proxy hsports-catalog.
The next field we'll need to complete is the URL
of the existing API at Azure.
And that's where we're going to paste
the configuration we copied from our API definition.
So, now that we've configured the API proxy,
go ahead and hit Next.
And we need to specify some security.
So first, we want it to be a Pass through,
and then we also want to check this option
to Add CORS headers.
With those options checked, we can go ahead
and keep the production and test environments,
so just hit Next.
And then we can check the prod environment
when we're specifying our builds.
Go ahead and hit Build and Deploy at this point,
and Apigee will start building out our API Proxies.
You'll notice that the Proxy's now ready,
so we can go back to the API Proxies section.
And if we inspect the hsports-catalog proxy,
you'll see that we are presented with the URLs
for our API proxies.
So, let's just copy this link.
And then we'll go to a browser
and paste it in order to access the API running on Azure.
So, I can hit the Product endpoint on our API implementation
and there we see a response that's running
through the Apigee proxy
to our API implementation on Azure.